Honor product/company name cases - nitpicking (part 8) (#15337)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/releases/31/index.md

- [Add-on Debugger](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/Add-on_Debugger)
- Added the ability to convert [between high-level BrowserWindow objects and DOM windows](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/SDK/High-Level_APIs/windows#converting_to_dom_windows), and [between high-level Tab objects and XUL tabs](/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/SDK/High-Level_APIs/tabs#converting_to_xul_tabs).

> - Updated the default theme used for panels on macOS.

Author: ```suggestion
- Updated the default theme used for panels on Mac OS X.
```
